hey guys it's John's ipod touch oh and
I've got an app review of Derek Jeter
real baseball made by Gameloft
individual available for four men in
that in the app store
so there's the icon right there except
that it is made by Gameloft and it is a
baseball game so you can get the Loden
movie with a bunch of stats about Derek
Jeter so let's go ahead and skip that so
I'll touch the screen continue to
continue so you're gonna get quick game
game modes options mortgage by Gameloft
and information up in information you're
gonna get help
replay about and Twitter in good name
you can just play okay choose the home
team which is a difficulty or a veteran
all-star or a legend
choose the duration three six nine or
one innings interesting between Gameloft
or Aurora and then just never choose
your teams and everything in game modes
you have season playoffs on run contests
in trophy room see you soon as you play
through a season playoffs you play
through the playoffs
home run contest is a home run contest
and troffer where we can be your
trophies no basically like that options
cuz you got your controls slide or touch
I'll go over both of them you can home
to ball trail on or off like you can
change the language you can better your
music on or off your voice effects on or
off your sound effects or your the
replay on or off the cinematics on off
the screen rotation on or off and the
tutorial on or off so I'm just gonna go
ahead and go into the season that I've
been playing and I should point out this
game is unlicensed
so the only licensed thing in here is
Derek Jeter other than that all the
teams and players are unlicensed
so over here you're gonna get your
team's mister team's Jersey and right
here you've got your team's overall
stats that's overall let's hit you a
heading field in power we're heading and
pitch in and then I'm here you can
reserve a game or unless they start a
new game if you're playing if you got if
you just again we're having you again
coming up you can simulate the game you
can manage your team
your schedule of your statistics in
statistics I haven't really played that
much so it's all pretty much in
alphabetical order providing leaders
pitching winners and the team standings
and schedule you can view what teams
you're gonna play for next week and also
I decided up my new season you can
choose how many games you want to play
in the difficulty in manage team you can
change leave mine up or change the
picture so let's go ahead and go to edit
lineup so let's say I want to make Jeter
at fourth cleanup instead of reading so
just go ahead and select feature you can
see he's selected and select reading and
there we go
I'll just go ahead and switch that back
all right and then over here you can
also view all their stats to change the
picture you can view other stats for
each individual pitch and you can
continue to you can switch them the same
way as you switch the batteries so I'm
just gonna go ahead and go into resume
game to show you some of the gameplay so
it starts off gives you a quote from
Derek Jeter okay so this let me just
turn the volume up sorry okay there we
go we just turn the volume up a little
no I'm batting so this is the slide
controls for pitching so this isn't some
of these controls you slide down like
this right the pitcher pitches and you
go up like that to swing okay
the pause menu can get resumed options
restart main menu help and to suspend
options change this to touch show you
how that works and to prepare you simply
touch the screen to swing so he's out
actually he's safe yes um so I'm gonna
go ahead and actually hold on
okay I just forgotten all right so the
endings over and to bunt on the touch
mode you hold it down and then you slide
towards don't play on this idle it's
over here you can select slider fastball
cutter or performance and hope you like
fastball then you use the accelerometer
to position what we want it to be then
you try to get actually go put that
white line and right in the middle of
the blue and tell you how could your
accuracy why there's about a strike
let me see if I can let him get a hit
just to show with the Fielding's like
pretty bad accuracy
I'm not really doing time to focus on
keeping the game in camera alright
alright here we go
fastball
there we go all right let's just go
there we go that should be easy
hmm all right so it's mature than you
can you tap the mini-map to decide which
face you want to show it to so that's
how you feel that's also when you bat
that is how you steal it will show your
mini-map and you can tap the base
runners on it's also how you pitch off
there and just froze on me and there we
go oh so that's how you pitch off a
runner the mini-map you actually will
use it a lot and then I'm batting it's
you know the same basic stuff you can
get homerun singles
I don't wanted to show you that up here
you've got the team's you're playing in
your score
see the blue is a batting team here you
can choose musics I only have one so I
don't have any music on my iPod touch
you got the pause menu and then also
here I'll show you a replay what a
replay does
so it's going pitch so then 1/7 alright
nevermind that's pretty much the whole
game very basic I would say it's worth
it it's really fun
Derek Jeter real baseball 2009 or might
not even be 2009-2010 maybe so yeah
look no 499 to the app store thanks for
watching